When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

	When you are worried about backing up/ working on someone else's/ public library's computer. 
	Or when you are collaborating and therefore many people in remote locations need access to the
	repository.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically 
stay up-to-date with your remote repository? 

	You would do this for the same reason as you commit manually; you may never have a 
	version of working code, you may not know the right time to pull changes, etc. 

Describe the difference between clones, forks and branches? When would you use one instead of the other? 
	
	Forks are clones made by GitHub on GitHub. They are made so that you can make changes to a certain
	repository even if the owner of the original work does not give you permission to change their original. 
	Clone is when you copy a repository for yourself to work on, either from the internet in general, GITHub in 
	particular, or your own computer. Branches are made when you want to change some of your code, without affecting the 
	original content of the master path of code. That is, clones occur within a single repository. 

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally? 

	This is useful for when you may be about to be working offline for a while - you can see what changes have been done 
	on GitHub by yourself from another computer, or by collaborators, but not yet requiring to merge these changes with your master branch.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier and what would be harder? 

	I would need lots of versions of a file with the filename changing with each revision, which could climb into the 
	hundreds, or even the thousands... However, this is simpler than making all the people you may have to collaborate with 
	learn Git and GitHub, unless they themselves saw the benefit. Everything would be easier with GitHub and Git, except of 
	course if there was no internet available.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have? 

	Making changes in the separate branch is great when collaborating and needing to review other peoples work. This way, the 
	main work is not damaged/ your master branch always has a working version, whether you are working on the project alone, or with 
	a group of collaborators. 



